h1. HTML5 Project Skeleton

h2. A set of HTML5 templates, CSS files, scripts, and project folder defaults

A set of simple templates, CSS styles and default project folders from "Outer Banks Design Works":http://obxdesignworks.com/ just like the ones we use to kickstart every website design project. It sets up some sensible default folders and provides rudimentary CSS styles to get you started.

h2. What's in the box?

*Default folders:*

pre. |--/css
|--/img
`--/js

*Default Templates:*

pre. `--/index.html

*Default CSS files:*

pre. `--/css
   |--/ie6
   |  `--/ie.6.css
   |--/ie.7.css
   |--/master.css
   |--/print.css
   |--/reset.css
   `--/styles.css

*Default JavaScript:*

pre. `--/js
   |--/application.js
   `--/jquery.js

h2. How to use the standard grid system

This project starts us off with a grid that is:

* 940px wide
* Has 12 columns at 60px each
* Has 20px gutters between each column

This is purely an assumption and there is absolutely nothing to stop you from using a different grid formula. The 940px gives us a decent median starting point.

The CSS utilizes a technique that is loosely based on Dan Cederholm's "modular floats":http://handcraftedcss.com/ concept. You define the containers (.section) for your content (.sub-section) in the markup and then provide a width on the element in the CSS based on that element's ID:

pre. *HTML:*
<body id="home">
  <!-- top -->
  <section class="section" id="top">
    <!-- header -->
    <header class="section" *id="header"*>
      <h1><a href="/" title="Home">Company Name</a></h1>
    </header>
    <!-- /header -->

pre. *CSS:*
#header {
 width: 940px;
}

